Hello everyone.
In this lesson we will learn how to highlight the link in our header navigation that corresponds with
the section of the page that the visitor has currently scrolled to.
Just so we're on the same page.
Here's a bit of footage of the finished product.
All right.
So now we know what our goal is.
Let's get started and make it happen.
So what should our first step be.
Where should we begin.
Well within our each TMI all we need to create some sort of a relationship between each section of the
page and its matching header link.
Let's jump over to our text editor and OPEN UP OUR each TMF file and I'll show you what I mean.
So within app let's open up index start each GMO and within this file let's look for this our beginning
link in the header so if we scroll down just a bit here is the NAV element that lives in the header.
And here is the our beginning link.
Let's go ahead and give this link element a unique I.D..
So after this a ref value what's out of space and say I d equals and we could name this anything we'd
like but let's just call it our beginning link.
All right.
Next within our HDMI file let's find the actual our beginning section of the page.
So in our HDMI file if we scroll down a bit
here we see the our beginning page section div.
And we need a way to relate this div to the header link that we just gave an I.D. to.
So here's what we can do.
Check this out.
We can give this element a custom attribute custom attributes.
Begin with the word data and then a dash.
But then from here we can choose any custom name we want.
Why don't we call this data matching link.
All right.
And what should the value be.
Well why don't we just provide a CSX like selector that points back to the link that we just gave an
I.D. to so we know that we can use the pound sign to select an element that has an I.D..
And then we just type in the I.D. So it was our beginning link.
All right.
So now that we've spelled out this relationship we just need to use javascript so that when this section
of the page gets scrolled to.
So when this area gets scrolled to we use this divs custom attribute and we give that target element
a modifier CSX class that makes it yellow but before we write that JavaScript let's first go ahead and
create a relationship for the remaining two sections of the page so features and testimonials.
So back in our HMO if we scroll back up to the header navigation here is the features link.
Let's give it an I.D. of features link and let's give the testimonials link an idea of testimonials
link.
All right.
Next let's find the actual features section of our hmo.
So the div that houses this content and we will give it a custom attribute that points back to this
link.
So in our HMO Let's scroll down to find our features section.
Here it is let's give it a custom attribute.
So data matching link and let's just set the value to pound sign and then features link.
All right.
Let's scroll down to find the testimonial section.
Here it is.
Let's give this div a custom attribute.
So data matching link and let's set the value to point back to the header link so pound sign testimonials
link.
All right.
Now at this point we are ready to begin writing the javascript that will actually make something happen.
So let's save this file and then jump in to app assets scripts modules sticky header.
All right.
Let's write some javascript.
So the first thing we should do within our constructor.